---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_appsec_rules Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a filtered list of Application Security rules.
---

# cortexcloud_appsec_rules (Data Source)

Provides a filtered list of Application Security rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cortexcloud_appsec_rules" "custom" {
  is_custom = true
  limit     = 50
  offset    = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `is_custom` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is custom.
- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of rules returned by the API request.
- `offset` (Number) Number of rules at the beginning of the API response to skip.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Static identifier for the data source.
- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) Custom rule IaC category.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the rule was created.
- `description` (String) The rule description.
- `domain` (String) The domain associated with the rule.
- `finding_category` (String) The finding category.
- `frameworks` (Attributes List) The framework or language that the Application Security rule applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--frameworks))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule.
- `is_custom` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is custom.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is enabled.
- `labels` (List of String) Labels assigned to the rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the rule.
- `scanner` (String) The type of security scanner used to detect findings of this rule.
- `severity` (String) The severity level of the rule (CRITICAL, HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW).
- `sub_category` (String) Custom rule subcategory.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the rule was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--frameworks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.frameworks`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) The rule definition.
- `definition_link` (String) HTTP link to the definition documentation.
- `name` (String) Name of the configured frameworks.
- `remediation_description` (String) The remediation steps that will appear on the rule's findings.
