---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_appsec_policies Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a filtered list of Application Security policies.
---

# cortexcloud_appsec_policies (Data Source)

Provides a filtered list of Application Security policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cortexcloud_appsec_policies" "enabled" {
  status = "enabled"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `is_custom` (Boolean) Indicates if the policy is a custom policy or a system-provided policy.
- `status` (String) Indicates whether the policy is currently enabled or disabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `asset_group_ids` (List of Number) List of asset groups to which the policy applies. If the array is empty, the policy applies to all asset groups.
- `ci_image_trigger` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--ci_image_trigger))
- `cicd_trigger` (Attributes) If true, the policy is evaluated on CI/CD pipeline events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--cicd_trigger))
- `conditions` (String) Policy conditions as a JSON-encoded string with nested AND/OR logic.
- `created_by` (String) The user or system that created the policy.
- `date_created` (String) The date and time when the policy was created.
- `date_modified` (String) The date and time when the policy was last modified.
- `description` (String) Description of the policy.
- `developer_suppression_affects` (Boolean)
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the policy.
- `image_registry_trigger` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--image_registry_trigger))
- `is_custom` (Boolean) Indicates if the policy is a custom policy or a system-provided policy.
- `modified_by` (String) The user or system that last modified the policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the AppSec policy.
- `override_issue_severity` (String)
- `periodic_trigger` (Attributes) If configured, sets the policy to be evaluated every 12 hours. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--periodic_trigger))
- `pr_trigger` (Attributes) If configured, sets the policy is evaluated on Pull Request (PR) creation and updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--pr_trigger))
- `scope` (String) Asset targeting scope as a JSON-encoded string with nested AND/OR logic.
- `status` (String) Indicates whether the policy is currently enabled or disabled.
- `version` (Number) The version of the policy - goes up by one every policy update.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--ci_image_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.ci_image_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--ci_image_trigger--actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `override_issue_severity` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--policies--ci_image_trigger--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.ci_image_trigger.actions`

Read-Only:

- `block_cicd` (Boolean)
- `report_cicd` (Boolean)
- `report_issue` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedatt--policies--cicd_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.cicd_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) Actions to take when the policy detects its target risk and the policy is triggered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--cicd_trigger--actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the CI/CD trigger for the policy.
- `override_issue_severity` (String) Set the severity of the issue (and override the system severity). If not used, system severity is kept.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--cicd_trigger--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.cicd_trigger.actions`

Read-Only:

- `block_cicd` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should block the CI/CD pipeline. Ensure that the CI/CD trigger is selected.
- `report_cicd` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should soft fail the CI/CD pipeline in the platform. Ensure that the CI/CD trigger is selected.
- `report_issue` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should create an issue in the connected system.



<a id="nestedatt--policies--image_registry_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.image_registry_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--image_registry_trigger--actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `override_issue_severity` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--policies--image_registry_trigger--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.image_registry_trigger.actions`

Read-Only:

- `report_issue` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedatt--policies--periodic_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.periodic_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) Actions to take when the policy detects its target risk and the policy is triggered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--periodic_trigger--actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the periodic trigger for the policy.
- `override_issue_severity` (String) Set the severity of the issue, overriding the system severity. If not configured, the system severity is used.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--periodic_trigger--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.periodic_trigger.actions`

Read-Only:

- `report_issue` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should create an issue in the connected system.



<a id="nestedatt--policies--pr_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.pr_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) Actions to take when the policy detects its target risk and the policy is triggered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--pr_trigger--actions))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the PR trigger for the policy.
- `override_issue_severity` (String) Sets the severity of the issue, overriding the system severity. If not configured, the system severity is used.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--pr_trigger--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.pr_trigger.actions`

Read-Only:

- `block_pr` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should block the pull request. Ensure that the PR trigger is selected.
- `report_issue` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should create an issue in the connected system.
- `report_pr_comment` (Boolean) Indicates if triggering the policy should create comments on the pull request. Ensure that the PR trigger is selected.
