---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_appsec_rule Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides details about an Application Security rule.
---

# cortexcloud_appsec_rule (Data Source)

Provides details about an Application Security rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cortexcloud_appsec_rule" "existing" {
  id = "rule-123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule.

### Read-Only

- `category` (String) Custom rule IaC category.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the rule was created.
- `description` (String) The rule description.
- `domain` (String) The domain associated with the rule.
- `finding_category` (String) The finding category.
- `frameworks` (Attributes List) The framework or language that the Application Security rule applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--frameworks))
- `is_custom` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is custom.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is enabled.
- `labels` (List of String) Labels assigned to the rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the rule.
- `scanner` (String) The type of security scanner used to detect findings of this rule.
- `severity` (String) The severity level of the rule (CRITICAL, HIGH, MEDIUM, LOW).
- `sub_category` (String) Custom rule subcategory.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the rule was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--frameworks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `frameworks`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) The rule definition.
- `definition_link` (String) HTTP link to the definition documentation.
- `name` (String) Name of the configured frameworks.
- `remediation_description` (String) The remediation steps that will appear on the rule's findings.
