---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_cloud_integration_instances Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of cloud integration instances.
---

# cortexcloud_cloud_integration_instances (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of cloud integration instances.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `authentication_method` (String) The authentication method to filter by.
- `cloud_provider` (String)
- `creation_time` (String) The creation time to filter by (RFC 3339 format).
- `instance_id` (String) The instance ID to filter by.
- `name` (String) The name to filter by.
- `outpost_id` (String) The outpost ID to filter by.
- `scan_mode` (String) The scan mode to filter by.
- `scope` (String) The scope to filter by.
- `status` (String) The status to filter by.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `instances` (Attributes List) The list of cloud integration instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))
- `total_count` (Number) Total number of instances.

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `account_name` (String) The name of the account.
- `additional_capabilities` (Attributes) Define which additional security capabilities to enable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances--additional_capabilities))
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud service provider that is being integrated.
- `creation_time` (Number) The creation time of the integration.
- `custom_resources_tags` (Attributes Set) Custom tags that will be applied to any new resource created by Cortex in the cloud environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances--custom_resources_tags))
- `id` (String) A unique identifier of the integration.
- `instance_name` (String) Name of the integration instance. If left empty, the name will be auto-populated.
- `is_pending_changes` (Boolean) Indicates if there are pending changes.
- `outpost_id` (String) The ID of the outpost.
- `provisioning_method` (String) The provisioning method of the integration.
- `scan_mode` (String) The scan mode of the integration.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the integration.
- `status` (String) Status of the integration.
- `total_accounts` (Number) The total number of accounts.
- `update_status` (String) The update status of the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--instances--additional_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.additional_capabilities`

Read-Only:

- `agentless_disk_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable agentless disk scanning.
- `data_security_posture_management` (Boolean) Whether to enable data security posture management, an agentless data security scanner that discovers, classifies, protects, and governs sensitive data.
- `registry_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable registry scanning, a container registry scanner that scans registry images for vulnerabilities, malware, and secrets.
- `registry_scanning_options` (Attributes) Options for registry scanning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances--additional_capabilities--registry_scanning_options))
- `serverless_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable agentless disk scanning to remotely detect and remediate vulnerabilities during the development lifecycle. Default value is `true`.
- `xsiam_analytics` (Boolean) Whether to enable XSIAM analytics to analyze your endpoint data to develop a baseline and raise Analytics and Analytics BIOC alerts when anomalies and malicious behaviors are detected.

<a id="nestedatt--instances--additional_capabilities--registry_scanning_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.additional_capabilities.registry_scanning_options`

Read-Only:

- `last_days` (Number) Number of days within which the tags on a registry image must have been created or updated for the image to be scanned. Minimum value is 0 and maximum value is 90. Cannot be configured if `type` is not set to `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`.
- `type` (String) Type of registry scanning.



<a id="nestedatt--instances--custom_resources_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.custom_resources_tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the custom resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the custom resource tag.
