---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_cloud_integration_instance Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides details about an existing Cloud Service Provider integration.
---

# cortexcloud_cloud_integration_instance (Data Source)

Provides details about an existing Cloud Service Provider integration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) A unique identifier of the integration.

### Read-Only

- `additional_capabilities` (Attributes) Define which additional security capabilities to enable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_capabilities))
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud service provider that is being integrated.
- `collection_configuration` (Attributes) Configure the data that will be collected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collection_configuration))
- `collector` (String) The collector used for this integration.
- `custom_resources_tags` (Attributes Set) Custom tags that will be applied to any new resource created by Cortex in the cloud environment. By default, the `managed_by` tag will always be applied with the value `paloaltonetworks`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_resources_tags))
- `instance_name` (String) Name of the integration instance. If left empty, the name will be auto-populated.
- `scan` (Attributes) Scan configuration for the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scan))
- `scope` (String) The scope of the integration.
- `security_capabilities` (Attributes Set) The security capabilities enabled for this integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_capabilities))
- `status` (String) Status of the integration.
- `upgrade_available` (Boolean) Indicates whether an upgrade is available for this integration.

<a id="nestedatt--additional_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_capabilities`

Read-Only:

- `agentless_disk_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable agentless disk scanning to remotely detect and remediate vulnerabilities during the development lifecycle.
- `data_security_posture_management` (Boolean) Whether to enable data security posture management, an agentless data security scanner that discovers, classifies, protects, and governs sensitive data.
- `registry_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable registry scanning, a container registry scanner that scans registry images for vulnerabilities, malware, and secrets.
- `registry_scanning_options` (Attributes) Additional configuration options for registry scanning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_capabilities--registry_scanning_options))
- `serverless_scanning` (Boolean) Whether to enable agentless disk scanning to remotely detect and remediate vulnerabilities during the development lifecycle. Default value is `true`.
- `xsiam_analytics` (Boolean) Whether to enable XSIAM analytics to analyze your endpoint data to develop a baseline and raise Analytics and Analytics BIOC alerts when anomalies and malicious behaviors are detected.

<a id="nestedatt--additional_capabilities--registry_scanning_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_capabilities.registry_scanning_options`

Read-Only:

- `last_days` (Number) Number of days within which the tags on a registry image must have been created or updated for the image to be scanned. Minimum value is 0 and maximum value is 90. Cannot be configured if `type` is not set to `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`.
- `type` (String) Type of registry scanning. Must be one of `ALL`, `LATEST_TAG` or `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`. If set to `TAGS_MODIFIED_DAYS`, `last_days` must be configured.



<a id="nestedatt--collection_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collection_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `audit_logs` (Attributes) Configuration for audit logs collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collection_configuration--audit_logs))

<a id="nestedatt--collection_configuration--audit_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collection_configuration.audit_logs`

Read-Only:

- `collection_method` (String) Method of audit log collection.
- `data_events` (Boolean) Whether to collect data events as part of audit log collection.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable audit log collection.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_resources_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_resources_tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the custom resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the custom resource tag.


<a id="nestedatt--scan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scan`

Read-Only:

- `outpost_id` (String) The ID of the outpost used for scanning.
- `scan_method` (String) Define what infrastructure the integration will use to scan cloud workloads.
- `status_ui` (Number) The scan status code as displayed in the UI.


<a id="nestedatt--security_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_capabilities`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the security capability.
- `last_scan_coverage` (Attributes) Coverage statistics from the last scan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_capabilities--last_scan_coverage))
- `name` (String) The name of the security capability.
- `status` (String) The status of the security capability.
- `status_code` (Number) The status code of the security capability.

<a id="nestedatt--security_capabilities--last_scan_coverage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_capabilities.last_scan_coverage`

Read-Only:

- `excluded` (Number) Number of resources excluded from the scan.
- `issues` (Number) Number of resources with issues found during the scan.
- `pending` (Number) Number of resources pending scan.
- `success` (Number) Number of resources successfully scanned.
- `unsupported` (Number) Number of resources not supported for scanning.
