---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_compliance_standards Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a filtered list of Compliance Standards.
---

# cortexcloud_compliance_standards (Data Source)

Provides a filtered list of Compliance Standards.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cortexcloud_compliance_standards" "custom" {
  search_from = 0
  search_to   = 50

  filter {
    field    = "is_custom"
    operator = "in"
    value    = "true"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) Filter criteria for the standards. 

Note: for the 'is_custom' field, use operator 'in' (the API does not support 'eq'; if 'eq' is specified it will be automatically converted to 'in'). For the 'labels' field, use operator 'contains' (if 'eq' is specified it will be automatically converted to 'contains'). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `search_from` (Number) The starting index for pagination.
- `search_to` (Number) The ending index for pagination.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Static identifier for the data source.
- `standards` (Attributes List) The list of compliance standards. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--standards))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `field` (String) The field to filter on.
- `operator` (String) The filter operator to use (e.g., 'in', 'contains').
- `value` (String) The value to filter by.


<a id="nestedatt--standards"></a>
### Nested Schema for `standards`

Read-Only:

- `assessments_profiles_count` (Number) The number of assessment profiles using this standard.
- `controls_ids` (Set of String) The set of control IDs associated with this standard.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the standard.
- `created_date` (String) The creation date of the standard.
- `description` (String) The description of the compliance standard.
- `id` (String) The ID of the compliance standard.
- `insert_ts` (Number) The insertion timestamp.
- `is_custom` (Boolean) Whether the standard is custom.
- `labels` (Set of String) The set of labels for this standard.
- `modify_ts` (Number) The modification timestamp.
- `name` (String) The name of the compliance standard.
- `publisher` (String) The publisher of the standard.
- `release_date` (String) The release date of the standard.
- `revision` (Number) The revision number of the standard. This value increments on every update.
- `version` (String) The version of the compliance standard.
