---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_user Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides visibility into a user's access to the Cortex Cloud platform.
---

# cortexcloud_user (Data Source)

Provides visibility into a user's access to the Cortex Cloud platform.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email of the user.

### Read-Only

- `first_name` (String) The first name of the user.
- `groups` (List of String) The groups of the user.
- `last_logged_in` (Number) The last logged in time of the user.
- `last_name` (String) The last name of the user.
- `role_name` (String) The role name of the user.
- `scope` (Attributes) The scope of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
- `user_type` (String) The type of the user.

<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Read-Only:

- `cases_issues` (Attributes) The cases issues scope of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--cases_issues))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints scope of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--endpoints))

<a id="nestedatt--scope--cases_issues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cases_issues`

Read-Only:

- `ids` (List of String) The ids of the cases issues.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the cases issues.


<a id="nestedatt--scope--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_groups` (Attributes) The endpoint groups scope of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--endpoints--endpoint_groups))
- `endpoint_tags` (Attributes) The endpoint tags scope of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--endpoints--endpoint_tags))
- `mode` (String) The mode of the endpoints.

<a id="nestedatt--scope--endpoints--endpoint_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.endpoints.endpoint_groups`

Read-Only:

- `ids` (List of String) The ids of the endpoint groups.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the endpoint groups.


<a id="nestedatt--scope--endpoints--endpoint_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.endpoints.endpoint_tags`

Read-Only:

- `ids` (List of String) The ids of the endpoint tags.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the endpoint tags.
