---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_user_group Data Source - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides details about an existing User Group.
---

# cortexcloud_user_group (Data Source)

Provides details about an existing User Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a user group by group_name
data "cortexcloud_user_group" "example" {
  group_name = "example-group"
}

# Output the group details
output "group_id" {
  value = data.cortexcloud_user_group.example.id
}

output "group_description" {
  value = data.cortexcloud_user_group.example.description
}

output "group_role" {
  value = data.cortexcloud_user_group.example.pretty_role_name
}

output "group_users" {
  value = data.cortexcloud_user_group.example.users
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The unique name of the user group to look up.

### Read-Only

- `all_users` (Set of String) A list of users with effective membership for this group. 

This list represents the union of users that have been directly configured in this group and any users that are a member of an IDP group configured in the `idp_groups` attribute that have logged in via SSO/JIT authentication.

Due to API limitations, it is currently not possible to determine which users were added from direct configuration versus SSO/JIT authentication.
- `created_by` (String) The user or system that created the user group.
- `created_ts` (Number) Unix timestamp (milliseconds) of when the user group was created.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the user group's purpose.
- `group_type` (String) The type of the user group. Possible values: `custom` (created directly in the UI), `ad_type` (imported and synchronized from Azure Active Directory).
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the user group.
- `idp_groups` (Set of String) The identity provider (IdP) group names associated with this group. Members of these IdP groups are added automatically via SSO/JIT and appear in `idp_users`.
- `nested_groups` (Attributes Set) The list of direct child groups nested within this user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nested_groups))
- `pretty_role_name` (String) The display name of the role assigned to this group.
- `role_id` (String) The unique identifier of the role assigned to this group.
- `updated_ts` (Number) Unix timestamp (milliseconds) of when the user group was last updated.
- `users` (Set of String) A list of user email addresses directly configured in this group.

<a id="nestedatt--nested_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nested_groups`

Read-Only:

- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the nested group.
- `group_name` (String) The display name of the nested group.
