---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Cortex Cloud Provider Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# Cortex Cloud Provider Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key for the user in Cortex Cloud that the provider will use. You can create this from the Cortex Cloud console by navigating to Settings > Configurations > Integrations > API Keys. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_API_KEY` environment variable. 

WARNING: If you are running the provider with Terraform with the `TF_LOG` environment variable set to `DEBUG`, the provider will output this value in the debug logs.
- `api_key_id` (Number, Sensitive) The ID of the API key provided in the "api_key" argument. You can retrieve this from the Cortex Cloud console by navigating to Settings > Configurations > Integrations > API Keys. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_API_KEY_ID` environment variable.
- `api_key_type` (String) The type of API key provided. Defaults to `standard`. Must be set to `advanced` if configuring the provider with an advanced API key. When using an advanced API key, requests to the Cortex API must include a nonce (64 byte random string) and a timestamppopulated in the request headers to prevent replay attacks.
- `api_url` (String) The API URL of your Cortex Cloud tenant. You can retrieve this from the Cortex Cloud console by navigating to Settings > Configurations > Integrations > API Keys and clicking the "Copy API URL" button. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_API_URL` environment variable.
- `check_environment` (Boolean) TODO
- `config_file` (String) Local path to provider configuration JSON file.
- `crash_stack_dir` (String) The location on the filesystem where the crash stack contents will be written in the event of the provider encountering an unexpected error. If omitted, the default value is an empty string, which will be interpreted as `$TMPDIR` on Unix systems (or `/tmp` if `$TMPDIR` is empty). On Windows systems, an empty string will be interpreted as the the first of the following values that is non-empty, in order of evaluation: `%%TMP%%`, `%%TEMP%%`, %%USERPROFILE%%`, or the Windows directory. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_TF_CRASH_STACK_DIR` environment variable.
- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of your Cortex Cloud tenant. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_FQDN`environment variable.
- `request_retry_interval` (Number) Time (in seconds) to wait between API requests in the event of an HTTP 429 (Too Many Requests) response. If omitted, the default value is `3`. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_TF_REQUEST_RETRY_INTERVAL` environment variable.
- `request_timeout` (Number) Time (in seconds) to wait for requests to the Cortex Cloud API to return before timing out. If omitted, the default value is `60`. Can also be configured using the `CORTEX_TF_REQUEST_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `sdk_log_level` (String) TODO
- `skip_ssl_verify` (Boolean) TODO
