---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_notification_forwarding_config_cases Resource - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a notification forwarding configuration for cases.
---

# cortexcloud_notification_forwarding_config_cases (Resource)

Manages a notification forwarding configuration for cases.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the configuration.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the configuration.
- `email_config` (Attributes) Configure notification forwarding for a list of email addresses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the configuration.
- `scope` (Attributes) The filter for the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the configuration.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone used by the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--email_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email_config`

Required:

- `distribution_list` (List of String) The email addresses that notifications will be sent to.

Optional:

- `grouping_timeframe` (Number) The time frame, in minutes, that specifies how often Cortex Cloud sends notifications. Set to 0 to have Cortex Cloud send a notification for each case/event. Must be a value between 0 and 1440, inclusive. Default value is 10.
- `subject` (String) The subject that will be used for notification emails. Leave blank to have Cortex Cloud auto-generate a subject. Must not exceed 256 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `and` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--and))
- `or` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--or))

<a id="nestedatt--scope--and"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.and`

Optional:

- `and` (Attributes List) (same schema as this attribute)
- `or` (Attributes List) (same schema as this attribute)
- `search_field` (String)
- `search_type` (String)
- `search_value` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--scope--or"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.or`

Optional:

- `and` (Attributes List) (same schema as this attribute)
- `or` (Attributes List) (same schema as this attribute)
- `search_field` (String)
- `search_type` (String)
- `search_value` (String)
