---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_scope Resource - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Cortex Cloud scope.
---

# cortexcloud_scope (Resource)

Manages a Cortex Cloud scope.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entity_id` (String) The ID of the entity.
- `entity_type` (String) The type of the entity.

### Optional

- `assets` (Attributes) The assets scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assets))
- `cases_issues` (Attributes) The cases issues scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cases_issues))
- `datasets_rows` (Attributes) The datasets rows scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datasets_rows))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--assets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assets`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The mode of the assets scope.

Optional:

- `asset_groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assets--asset_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--assets--asset_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assets.asset_groups`

Required:

- `asset_group_id` (Number) Asset group ID.

Read-Only:

- `asset_group_name` (String) Asset group name (read-only).



<a id="nestedatt--cases_issues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cases_issues`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The mode of the cases issues scope.

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags in the cases issues scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cases_issues--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--cases_issues--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cases_issues.tags`

Required:

- `tag_name` (String) The name of the tag.

Read-Only:

- `tag_id` (String) The ID of the tag.



<a id="nestedatt--datasets_rows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datasets_rows`

Required:

- `default_filter_mode` (String) The default filter mode of the datasets rows scope. Possible values are: "no_scope", "see_all"

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) The filters in the datasets rows scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datasets_rows--filters))

<a id="nestedatt--datasets_rows--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datasets_rows.filters`

Required:

- `dataset` (String) The dataset of the filter.
- `filter` (String) The filter expression.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `endpoint_groups` (Attributes) The endpoint groups scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_groups))
- `endpoint_tags` (Attributes) The endpoint tags scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_tags))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.endpoint_groups`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The mode of the endpoint groups scope.

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags in the endpoint groups scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_groups--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_groups--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.endpoint_groups.tags`

Required:

- `tag_name` (String) The name of the tag.

Read-Only:

- `tag_id` (String) The ID of the tag.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.endpoint_tags`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The mode of the endpoint tags scope.

Optional:

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags in the endpoint tags scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_tags--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--endpoint_tags--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.endpoint_tags.tags`

Required:

- `tag_name` (String) The name of the tag.

Read-Only:

- `tag_id` (String) The ID of the tag.
