---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cortexcloud_user_group Resource - Cortex Cloud Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Cortex Cloud user group.
---

# cortexcloud_user_group (Resource)

Manages a Cortex Cloud user group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create User Group
resource "cortexcloud_user_group" "example" {
  group_name  = "readonly-analysts-1"
  description = "Read-only access for analysts"
  users = [
    "jdoe@paloaltonetworks.com"
  ]
  nested_groups = [
    {
      group_id = "<UUID>"
    },
    {
      group_id = "<UUID>"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The unique name for the user group.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A brief description of the user group's purpose.
- `idp_groups` (Set of String) A list of identity provider (IdP) group names to associate with this group. Members of these IdP groups are added to this user group automatically via SSO/JIT and appear in `idp_users`.
- `nested_groups` (Attributes Set) A list of unique identifiers for groups to be nested within this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nested_groups))
- `role_id` (String) The unique identifier of the role to assign to this group.
- `users` (Set of String) A list of email addresses corresponding to the users directly configured in this group.

When this resource is refreshed, any additional users configured in this group outside of Terraform will appear in the `all_users` attribute, along with users associated with the group via SAML claim. To keep this attribute aligned with the directly-configured users, you must manually update it with any out-of-band changes from the console/API, then apply those changes.

### Read-Only

- `all_users` (Set of String) Read-only. A list of email address corresponding to the users with effective membership for this group. 

This list represents the union of users that have been directly configured in this group and any users that are a member of an IDP group configured in the `idp_groups` attribute that have logged in via SSO/JIT authentication.

Due to API limitations, it is currently not possible to determine which users were added from direct configuration versus SSO/JIT authentication.
- `created_by` (String) The user or system that created the user group.
- `created_ts` (Number) Unix timestamp (milliseconds) of when the user group was created.
- `group_type` (String) The type of the user group. Possible values: `custom` (created directly in the UI), `ad_type` (imported and synchronized from Azure Active Directory).
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the user group.
- `pretty_role_name` (String) The display name of the role assigned to this group.
- `updated_ts` (Number) Unix timestamp (milliseconds) of when the user group was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--nested_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nested_groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the nested group.

Read-Only:

- `group_name` (String) The display name of the nested group.
